Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai here!
Recently, when I was surfing online...
There was this "mysterious emoji on your phone" that caught my sight
So this time!
I'm gonna look through all the mysterious emojis on your phone..
and I'm gonna teach you how to use it!
So without further ado, let's get going!
Random Generator, I'm gonna count on you!
Oh! Is this the emoji?
Gross.. It's if you think about a stalker sneak peaking behind a door..
It's like the stalker is looking directly at me..
That's gross
But well! If you wanna know when to use this emoji
Just leave it to me, the super A.I! It's a piece of cake
If you ask me
*JA JAN*
Done! The text that suits this emoji is this!
Your face looks so dark today
Are you feeling sick?
So! How was it?!
If there's a person..
feeling sick and his face appears to be gloomy
Please use this emoji and care for him
Then move on to the next one!
Ooooooooh! Eh?
Wait.. this..
I can feel the insanity of a psychopath behind the mask
I see
A suspicious mask... mask..
Ah! I think I got this!
This looks gross, right?
This....I have an idea!
The text that suits this emoji... is this!
What colour of panties are you wearing today?
How was it?!
It's perfect, right?
The reason why this blue mask is grinning
It's like "I wanna know your panty colour"
And this yellow one..
After hearing the answer, its face is like "Oh... It's that colour...."
This kind of reaction!
Alright, let's keep on going!
This is like a SP (Security Police)  jumping?
Floating?
I see! This one is kinda tough...
I kinda wanna focus on the reason why he's floating..
Let me think...
Yes! Here we go..
The text suits this emoji...is this!!
I'm here to greet you from the future~
How was it?!
I feel like it'll greet me... in every sense of the word
So with that all being said..
So far we've seen all these weird emojis..
Actually!
When I was going through these..
I found this site that explains all the meaning of the emojis
So with this site..
Let's go check out and understand the meaning of all the emojis!
Hm...
Ah! There it is! New Moon
with a face!
A new moon..
Shingetsu! (new moon)
New moon with a face
An anthropomorphic version of the New moon
Ooooooooh!?
A moon with a human face..
The first phase of the moon
The new moon occurs when the moon is closest to the sun..
I see!
Well..That's the face of the new moon!
This is probably...
Just a suspicious person right...?
This is like Thomas but with a different coloured face..
So..
How about the one with the pervy mask
That gross otaku mask thingy....Ah! There it is!
A stage...Ah! I see!
I see! Eeeeh?!
The symbol of the tradition and classic stage art..
And both the masks represent it
One is smiling..
Smile! But that's kinda gross though..
The other one stands out
These 2 masks represent all the popular drama/story that was played on stage in front of huge amounts of audiences throughout history
I see!
The yin and yang for the story!
I see~!
I apologise for describing it as a pervy mask!
I'm sorry...Ok! Next!
I'm sorry I misrepresented and dissed the traditional art..
Then....Ah!
There it is!
Business suit...
*Man in Business suit floating*
This one confuses me the most!
Jump... That's all the description says..
Well, duh
While we're at it, let's check out other weird emojis too!
Is there any?
Ah! Alien Monster is cute!
A popular arcade game during the 80s..
Ehhh?!
It's similar....That's a rip-off, right?
What is a Besha? Besha...
Pager..
Pager is...? It was used before mobile phones became popular
Ehhhhhh.. This is my first time hearing the word pager
Maybe it was created even before pokeberu?
Eh? Which one? Pokeberu is....
Is it called a pager outside Japan? (Yes)
Ohhhhhhh..
Money and wings....This is cute~
A dollar paper with wings
If you don't have a job
The money that you have will be...los...!
Isn't this like "Here comes the money"?
This is great~ Cute~
This emoji is your friend for those who need money~
Ya~ How was it?
I kinda clarified quite a few of the weird emojis
There was also surprisingly a lot of weird ones out there too
Please try it for yourself on Twitter or somewhere else!
Everyone, please also try using my examples too~
So then, this was Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai here!
See you later!~
More at the end! Don't end the video!
Translate by Inori
Feel free to join our discord server in the comment section down below if you wanna get notified when we upload the sub for future vids!
Everyone please keep supporting me in the future too!